[Music]  tim 2017  said he didn't dox you why not do  debates um i never said he doxed me i  said i know he did  so yeah i never said uh abbas lucille  doxed me i said he contributed to it he  was lying about  me in possession of having firearms  he was partly responsible for getting  me doxxed and having the police uh break  down my door  he um thank you he encouraged some of  his fans to find out where i live and  call the police that's basically what  was going on  um  yeah  and that was while i was on probation  too  yeah he was also making claims that  would violate my probation so if uh  somebody from his audience were to call  the cops  that could be a huge problem for me  i i'm very confused right now  what am i doing  who was i talking to you  what you should just call it a night can  you give me my other cokes in the  freezer please  no just give me my coke so i need my  cokes  yeah okay  did you take my bike keys  oh yeah good idea no  what if i need to get more soda  [Applause]  [Music]  at the moment one can hear the  explosions on the outskirts there is  fighting for the city behind me you can  see the ruined building yesterday it was  a kindergarten the troops of the russian  federation destroyed it with heavy  artillery it is no longer repairable it  needs to be completely restored not far  for me are residential buildings that  were left without windows and even roofs  people have no gas no water no light  there is no heat i just love you so much  i would do anything for you  i would kill an entire school filled  with children  if it meant saving  you his success was built on both  threats and bullying he plays video  games that glorify military action but  he never volunteered  not in syria not in myanmar not in  ukraine  not ever  he was nobody's hero  a fate of guy  so many threats for so many years  so little action  okay  [Applause]  [Applause]  [Music]  fight me in a cage [ __ ]  you won't do it you won't do it you  won't do it will you because you know  i'm bigger and stronger than you and i'd  absolutely demolish you in a fight and i  could beat your ass and you'd never do  it you'd never fight me in a cage  because you know i'm bigger and stronger  than that  [Music]  this is why we should have a cage match  so  why don't we just have a cage match and  settle things that way i'd love to uh  fight john venus and uh put my elbow  through his head i'd absolutely feed his  [ __ ] ass i would might tie something  to the [ __ ] ground  [Music]  i'll fight you  like i'm serious  i have enough money saved up to fly to  whatever part of the world you're  [ __ ] from and go to an mma gym  and uh beat the [ __ ] [ __ ] out of you  in a cage well um how about we set up an  mma match  uh like i know there's pretty big size  difference between the two of us we'll  find out  uh if the meat eater is a bigger [ __ ]  than the vegan  we can do that i am literally twice your  size  if you think  i'm literally falling apart then let's  have an mma match i would crush you so  goddamn easily  [Music]  if you want to see if i can feel guilt  or not like let's go in a cage let's  settle this in an mma match you think  i'd feel guilty about what i do to you  in a in a [ __ ] cage in a boxing ring  i'll do an mma or boxing match with you  with one hand tied behind my back  literally i am not even kidding i will  fight you with one hand tied behind my  back  email me if you're not too [ __ ] to  still fight me you [ __ ] claim you're  such a badass you don't care about  ethics but every single [ __ ] time  anyone has confronted you out on the  streets you've complained and called the  cops like a little [ __ ] i just want to  fight him in a cage at this point that  would be a lot more [ __ ] satisfying  i've challenged him before  and he literally said in the comment  section that i'm too big and strong for  him to fight he'd lose so there's no  point in doing i know that you live in  new york my probation is over by the way  so i can legally cross the border so  it's not a far drive for me to get to  you any day any time you want i can  cross the border we can find an mma gym  i can drive over to you to new york and  i can be your scrawny little ass into  the ground it's pretty obvious that i  just easily beat your ass bro fight me  in a cage you're the [ __ ]  embarrassment  you want to see embarrassing fight me in  a [ __ ] cage bro  [Music]  [Applause]  yeah maybe you should challenge god to a  cage match see if he accepts if he's all  powerful  then clearly he'd fight me in a cage  because he'd win  so if he's not all-powerful obviously  he's gonna be a little [ __ ] [ __ ] and  not fight me so  and maybe i should just challenge god to  a cage match and if he doesn't show up  then i think that proves that uh  i'm more powerful than your god  civilization in those days consisted of  three kinds of people  they were the  people who were killed  of course they were the killers  and all the bystanders that's all  it seems like the majority of the people  were just bystanders  no one seemed to have  spoken up or really cared  like it didn't  it didn't concern them it wasn't their  problem  you